{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red41\green45\blue51;\red45\green45\blue45;\red24\green24\blue24;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21176\c23137\c25882;\cssrgb\c23137\c23137\c23137;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/learn-chinese/welcome-to-chinese-for-beginners-Hm666"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Welcome to "Chinese for beginners"}}
\f0\fs32 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1m\cf4 \
Lecture: What is Your Name?\cf3 3m\cf4 \
Lecture: Where Are You From?\cf3 5m\cf4 \
Lecture: Are You a Student?\cf3 3m\cf4 \
Lecture: Who is He/She?\cf3 4m\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Extended Exercise: What is Your Name?\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Additional Information: Chinese Mandarin\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Self-study Video\'97Tones and Simple Finals\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Extended Exercise: Where Are You From?\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Additional Information: Chinese Pinyin\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Self-study Video\'97Initials\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Extended Exercise: Are You a Student?\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Additional Information: Spelling Rules of Pinyin\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Self-study Video\'97Compound Finals\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Extended Exercise: Who is He/She?\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Readings\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Review: Who are You?\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Self-study Video\'97Finals with Nasal Endings\cf3 10m\
\cf4 What is your name?\cf3 12m\cf4 \
Where are you from?\cf3 30m\cf4 \
Are you a student?\cf3 30m\cf4 \
Who is he/she?\cf3 30m\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/learn-chinese/lecture-can-you-count-yKAsl"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Lecture: Can You Count?}}4m\cf4 \
Lecture: What Time is it Now?\cf3 2m\cf4 \
Lecture: Morning or Afternoon?\cf3 2m\cf4 \
Lecture: Do You Have a Busy Life?\cf3 2m\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Extended Exercise: What Time is it Now?\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Extended Exercise: Morning or Afternoon?\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Extended Exercise: Do You Have a Busy Life?\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Review: When Do You Go To School?\cf3 10m\
\cf4 Numbers\cf3 30m\cf4 \
Time (1): O'clock\cf3 30m\cf4 \
Time (2): Periods\cf3 30m\cf4 \
Daily Arrangements\cf3 30m\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/learn-chinese/lecture-do-you-like-dumplings-dG6IT"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Lecture: Do You Like Dumplings?}}1m\cf4 \
Lecture: I Like Apples.\cf3 1m\cf4 \
Lecture: I Like Chicken.\cf3 1m\cf4 \
Lecture: Do You Want a Cup of Tea?\cf3 2m\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Extended Exercise: Do You Like Dumplings?\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Extended Exercise: I Like Apples.\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Extended Exercise: I Like Chicken.\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Extended Exercise: Do You Want a Cup of Tea?\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Review: What Do You Like to Eat?\cf3 10m\
\cf4 Main Courses\cf3 30m\cf4 \
Fruits\cf3 30m\cf4 \
Vegetables and Meat\cf3 30m\cf4 \
Drinks\cf3 18m\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/learn-chinese/lecture-what-is-your-favorite-color-JypVF"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Lecture: What is Your Favorite Color?}}2m\cf4 \
Lecture: This is Too Big.\cf3 3m\cf4 \
Lecture: How Much is This?\cf3 5m\cf4 \
Lecture: It\'92s Too Expensive!\cf3 3m\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Extended Exercise: What is Your Favorite Color?\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Extended Exercise: This is Too Big.\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Extended Exercise: How Much is This?\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Extended Exercise: It\'92s Too Expensive!\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Review: I Like Shopping!\cf3 10m\
\cf4 Colors\cf3 30m\cf4 \
Sizes\cf3 30m\cf4 \
Prices\cf3 30m\cf4 \
Learn to Bargain\cf3 30m\uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/learn-chinese/lecture-i-go-to-work-by-car-JAAsY"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Lecture: I Go To Work By Car.}}5m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Lecture: Is There a Supermarket Near Here?\cf3 3m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Lecture: The Bank is on the Left.\cf3 3m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Lecture: How Do I Get to the Underground Station?\cf3 3m\uc0\u8232 \cf4 Extended Exercise: How Do I Get to the Underground Station?\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Review: Do You Live in a Big City\cf3 10m\uc0\u8232 \cf4 Transportation\cf3 30m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Public Places\cf3 30m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Locations and Directions\cf3 30m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Ask For Directions\cf3 30m\uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/learn-chinese/lecture-what-is-the-temperature-today-9NAjG"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Lecture: What is the Temperature Today?}}4m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Lecture: Is it Cold in January?\cf3 3m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Lecture: I Like Spring.\cf3 3m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Lecture: I Caught a Cold.\cf3 3m\uc0\u8232 \cf4 Extended Exercise: I Caught a Cold.\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Review: How About the Weather?\cf3 10m\uc0\u8232 \cf4 Temperature\cf3 30m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Time (3): Months\cf3 30m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Seasons\cf3 30m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Health\cf3 30m\uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/learn-chinese/lecture-what-day-is-it-today-C8quR"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Lecture: What Day is it Today?}}5m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Lecture: I Like Swimming.\cf3 4m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Lecture: I Watch TV News Everyday.\cf3 3m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Lecture: We Can Do a Lot of Things on the Internet.\cf3 3m\uc0\u8232 \cf4 Extended Exercise: We Can Do a Lot of Things on the Internet.\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Review: What is Your Hobby?\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Chinese for Beginners-Notes in English\cf3 10m\uc0\u8232 \cf4 Time (4): Weeks\cf3 30m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Sports\cf3 30m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 TV Programs\cf3 30m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Internet, Books, Music, and Travel\cf3 30m}