{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;\red45\green45\blue45;\red41\green45\blue51;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c23137\c23137\c23137;\cssrgb\c21176\c23137\c25882;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Where in the Genome Does Replication Begin? (Part 1)
\fs32 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/bioinformatics/optional-where-in-the-genome-does-dna-replication-begin-part-1-Sxiwf"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Optional: Where in the Genome Does DNA Replication Begin? (Part 1) }}11m\cf2 \
Optional: Where in the Genome Does DNA Replication Begin? (Part 2) \cf3 6m
\fs40 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Where in the Genome Does Replication Begin? (Part 2)
\fs32 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/bioinformatics/optional-where-in-the-genome-does-dna-replication-begin-part-3-mA25X"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Optional: Where in the Genome Does DNA Replication Begin? (Part 3) }}9m\cf2 \
Optional: Where in the Genome Does DNA Replication Begin? (Part 4) \cf3 4m
\fs28 \cf2 Which DNA Patterns Play the Role of Molecular Clocks? (Part 1)
\fs32 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/bioinformatics/optional-from-implanted-patterns-to-regulatory-motifs-part-1-10-09-ldGxg"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Optional: From Implanted Patterns to Regulatory Motifs (Part 1) (10:09)}}10m\cf2 \
Optional: From Implanted Patterns to Regulatory Motifs (Part 2) (05:06)\cf3 5m\cf2 \
Optional: From Implanted Patterns to Regulatory Motifs (Part 3) (07:22)\cf3 7m
\fs40 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Which DNA Patterns Play the Role of Molecular Clocks? (Part 2)
\fs32 \cf3 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/bioinformatics/optional-how-rolling-dice-helps-us-find-regulatory-motifs-part-1-12-43-AYObU"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Optional: How Rolling Dice Helps Us Find Regulatory Motifs (Part 1) (12:43)}}12m\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Optional: How Rolling Dice Helps Us Find Regulatory Motifs (Part 2) (05:37)\cf3 5m\cf2 \
Optional: How Rolling Dice Helps Us Find Regulatory Motifs (Part 3) (07:46)\cf3 7m}