{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red41\green45\blue51;\red45\green45\blue45;\red24\green24\blue24;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21176\c23137\c25882;\cssrgb\c23137\c23137\c23137;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/moral-politics/the-eichmann-case-and-problem-of-illegal-but-legitimate-acts-EAFN1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Eichmann Case and Problem of Illegal but Legitimate Acts}}
\f0\fs32 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
12m\cf4 \
The Paradox of Discomfort and the Organization of the Course\cf3 14m\cf4 \
Politics in the Enlightenment\cf3 13m\cf4 \
Early vs. Mature Enlightenments\cf3 15m\cf4 \
The Workmanship Ideal\cf3 19m\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Hannah Arendt, Eichmann in Jerusalem, pg. 21-55, 135-149\cf3 40m\cf4 \
Locke, First Treatise\cf3 30m\cf4 \
Locke, Second Treatise\cf3 20m\cf4 \
Hobbes Lessons for the Professors of Mathematics\cf3 10m\
\cf4 Mini Quiz - Enlightenment Political Theory\cf3 30m\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/moral-politics/elements-of-utilitarianism-1wJ4B"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Elements of Utilitarianism}}10m\cf4 \
The Theory of Classical Utilitarianism\cf3 23m\cf4 \
The Utility Monster and the Principle of Diminishing Marginal Utility\cf3 10m\cf4 \
The Panopticon and Bentham on Government\cf3 7m\cf4 \
Distribution and Diminishing Marginal Utility\cf3 17m\cf4 \
Bentham on Equality and Rights\cf3 13m\cf4 \
Neoclassical Utilitarianism: The Philosophical Context Beginning\cf3 19m\cf4 \
Neoclassical Utilitarianism: The Economic Context\cf3 17m\cf4 \
Ideological Stakes of the Transition from Classical to Neoclassical Utilitarianism\cf3 9m\cf4 \
Introduction and the Harm Principle\cf3 17m\cf4 \
Bentham, Mill, and The Rights-Utility Synthesis\cf3 14m\cf4 \
The Harm Principle in Practice\cf3 10m\cf4 \
The Harm Principle and the Spectrum of Harm\cf3 18m\cf4 \
Harm Examples\cf3 12m\cf4 \
Is the Harm Principle Conservative?\cf3 12m\cf4 \
Office Hours 1\cf3 1h 9m\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Bentham, Intro to Morals and Legislation\cf3 10m\cf4 \
Bentham in W. Stark, Jeremy Bentham's Economic Writings, 442\cf3 25m\cf4 \
Mill, On Liberty, Chs. 1-2\cf3 1h\cf4 \
Mill, On Liberty Ch. 5\cf3 30m\
\cf4 Utilitarianism: Classical and Neoclassical\cf3 30m\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/moral-politics/marx-introduction-KFywN"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Marx Introduction}}8m\cf4 \
Marx as an Enlightenment Thinker\cf3 15m\cf4 \
Marx's Challenge to Classical Political Economy\cf3 20m\cf4 \
The Working Class\cf3 12m\cf4 \
Exploitation - The Micro Story\cf3 14m\cf4 \
Exploitation - The Macro Story and the Theory of Crisis\cf3 24m\cf4 \
Marx's Overall Failures\cf3 14m\cf4 \
Failures in the Macro Theory\cf3 15m\cf4 \
Rethinking the Labor Theory of Value\cf3 22m\cf4 \
Office Hours 2\cf3 49m\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Marx and Engels, Manifesto of the Communist Party\cf3 1h 10m\cf4 \
Marx, Capital (Vol. I), Prefaces, Chs. I, IV, VI, XII, XVI (excerpts)\cf3 45m\cf4 \
Marx, Critique of the Gotha Program\cf3 45m\cf4 \
Marx, Theories of Surplus Value, Ch. XVII (Sections 8-11, 14)\cf3 50m\cf4 \
Roemer, "Should Marxists be interested in exploitation?" Analytical Marxism\cf3 10m\
\cf4 Marxism, Its Failures and Its Legacy\cf3 30m{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/moral-politics/consent-and-thomas-hobbes-SYdgx"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Consent and Thomas Hobbes}}12m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 John Locke and the Workmanship Ideal\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Locke on Consent\cf3 16m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Immanuel Kant's Ethics\cf3 13m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 John Rawls Introduction\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 John Rawls's Enduring Innovations\cf3 19m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 The Veil of Ignorance\cf3 7m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Principles of Justice\cf3 21m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 The Difference Principle\cf3 17m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Problems with Rawls\cf3 9m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Political Not Metaphysical\cf3 8m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Political Disagreement\cf3 18m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 The Overlapping Consensus\cf3 15m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Hobbes, Leviathan, Introduction, Chs. 13-17, 21\cf3 1h 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Locke, Second Treatise of Government, Chs. 2-5\cf3 45m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Kant, Groundwork of the Metaphysic of Morals\cf3 2h\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Rawls, A Theory of Justices, pg. 3-19, 52-56 (Sections 1-4, 11)\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Rawls, "Social Unity and Primary Goods," sect. IV, V in John Rawls: Collected Papers\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Rawls, A Theory of Justice, pg. 102-109, 118-123, 153-160, 221-227 (Sections 20, 21, 24, 29, 40)\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Rawls, "Justice as fairness: political not metaphysical." Philosophy & Public Affairs 14 (1985): 226-48 (Sections 2-6)\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Shapiro, "Resources, Capacities, and Ownership." Political Theory 19.1 (February 1991), 47-72\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 The Social Contract Tradition I\cf3 30m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/moral-politics/introduction-to-nozick-YpQ5l"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Introduction to Nozick}}\cf3 9m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Features of Nozick's Account\cf3 5m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 The Invisible Hand Evolution of the State\cf3 27m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Necessity and Obligation\cf3 12m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Incorporating Independents\cf3 9m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Compensation\cf3 14m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Liberty Upsets Patterns\cf3 12m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Markets and Power\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 It is Unjust for Chamberlain to Make So Much Money\cf3 13m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Office Hours 3\cf3 51m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Robert Nozick, Anarchy, State and Utopia, pp. 3-17, 26-35 (Chs. 1-3)\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Robert Nozick, Anarchy, State and Utopia, pp. 54-63, 78-84, 88-90, 108-119 (Excerpts from Ch. 4, 5)\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Robert Nozick, Anarchy, State and Utopia, pp. 149-164, 174-182 (Excerpts from Ch. 7)\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 The Social Contract Tradition\cf3 30m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/moral-politics/burkes-conservatism-qi4Vo"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Burke's Conservatism}}\cf3 23m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Devlin's Conservatism\cf3 16m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Introduction to MacIntyre\cf3 13m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Emotivist Culture\cf3 16m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Practices\cf3 13m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Failure of the Enlightenment Project\cf3 14m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Concluding Anti-Enlightenment Thought\cf3 13m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Office Hours 4\cf3 25m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Edmund Burke, Reflections on the Revolution in France (excerpts\cf3 2h\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Patrick Devlin, "Morals and the Criminal Law"\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Alasdair MacIntyre, After Virtue, Chs. 1-3\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Alasdair MacIntyre, After Virtue, Chs. 5\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Anti-Enlightenment Politics\cf3 30m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.coursera.org/lecture/moral-politics/democracy-and-its-critics-yMjul"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Democracy and its Critics}}\cf3 18m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 The Federalist Papers\cf3 17m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 The Republican Tradition\cf3 8m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Discovering the General Will\cf3 11m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Habermas' Deliberative Ideal\cf3 13m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Deliberation in the Real World\cf3 15m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 The Westminster System in Practice\cf3 7m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 The Majority Rule\cf3 11m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Competition and Democracy\cf3 13m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Electoral Systems\cf3 12m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Reviewing the Enlightenment\cf3 15m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Democracy and Human Freedom\cf3 18m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Office Hours 5\cf3 37m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Hamilton, Jay, and Madison, The Federalist Papers, Paper No. 1, 9, 10, 14, 39, 48, 51, 62, 70, 78\cf3 2h\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Jean-Jaques Rousseau, The Social Contract and the First and Second Discourses, Book I Ch. 6-7, Book II Ch. 3\cf3 15m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 William H. Riker, Ch. 5, "The Meaning of Social Choice" in Liberalism against Populism, pp. 115-23\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 J\'fcrgen Habermas, "Three Normative Models of Democracy"\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 James Fishkin, "Deliberative Polling: Toward a Better-Informed Democracy"\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Locke, Second Treatise of Government, Chs. 17-19\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Joseph Schumpeter, Capitalism, Socialism, and Democracy, Ch. XXI and XXII\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Buchanan and Tullock, The Calculus of Consent, excerpt from Ch. 6\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Shapiro, "John Locke's Democratic Theory," in Locke's Two Treatises of Government, pp. 309-332\cf3 40m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Douglas Rae, "The Limits of Consensual Decision"\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Shapiro, "Elements of Democractic Justice." Political Theory\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Post-Course Survey\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Professor Shapiro's Letter to Students\cf3 10m\cf4 \uc0\u8232 Democracy\cf3 30m}