{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;\red255\green255\blue255;\red80\green80\blue80;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c38824\c38824\c38824;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Welcome to the Miracles of Human Language!\'95\cf4 3 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 How to succeed in your online class?\'95\cf4 2 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Human Language and Animal Communication Systems\'95\cf4 6 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Human Language Versus Other 'Languages'\'95\cf4 9 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Discussion with Marten and Inge: Language Diversity\'95\cf4 9 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Language Diversity and Ethnologue\'95\cf4 8 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Discussion with Marten and Inge: What do Linguists do?\'95\cf4 13 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Interview with Dr. Victoria Nyst\'95\cf4 10 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Introduction language informants + introducing Han Hu, Speaker of Mandarin Chinese\'95\cf4 4 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Introducing Roberta D'Alessandro, speaker of Abruzzese\'95\cf4 0 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Introducing Khalid Mourigh, speaker of Tarifit Berber\'95\cf4 0 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Introducing Varun DeCastro-Arrazola, speaker of Basque\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Introducing Beste Sevindik, speaker of Turkish\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Introducing Enoch Aboh, speaker of Gungbe\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Conclusion; language and dialect\'95\cf4 2 minutes
\f1\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb3 Meet the instructor & his team\'95\cf4 5 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 Leiden University: Facts & Figures\'95\cf4 10 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 Community Guidelines \'95\cf4 5 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 What is your learning path?\'95\cf4 5 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 Registration Ethnologue\'95\cf4 10 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 Required and optional readings\'95\cf4 30 minutes
\f1\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb3 Distinguishing consonants\'95\cf4 6 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 Production of speech sounds\'95\cf4 7 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 Discussion with Marten and Inge: consonants of world languages\'95\cf4 8 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 Sounds in systems\'95\cf4 7 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 Discussion with Marten and Inge: sounds and language change\'95\cf4 11 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 Interview with Prof. dr. Claartje Levelt\'95\cf4 7 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 Introduction + Tarifit Berber\'95\cf4 4 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 Gungbe\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 Turkish\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 Abruzzese\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 Mandarin Chinese\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 Basque\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 Conclusion; sounds and gestures\'95\cf4 1 minute
\f1\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb3 Words and sentences\'95\cf4 3 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 Morphology\'95\cf4 9 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 Discussion with Marten and Inge: world of words\'95\cf4 11 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 Syntax and word order (a)\'95\cf4 8 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 Syntax and word order (b)\'95\cf4 5 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 Discussion with Marten and Inge: world of word order\'95\cf4 8 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 Interview with Prof. Noam Chomsky\'95\cf4 28 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 Introduction + Basque\'95\cf4 3 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 Tarifit Berber\'95\cf4 2 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 Gungbe\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 Turkish\'95\cf4 0 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 Abruzzese\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 Mandarin Chinese\'95\cf4 0 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 Conclusion; structure beyond sentences\'95\cf4 1 minute
\f1\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb3 Layers of meaning\'95\cf4 5 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 Semantics\'95\cf4 7 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 Discussion with Marten and Inge: color and snow\'95\cf4 10 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 Pragmatics\'95\cf4 11 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 Discussion with Marten and Inge: changing the world with sentences\'95\cf4 9 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 Interview with Barend Beekhuizen MA\'95\cf4 11 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 Introduction + Abruzzese\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 Tarifit Berber\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 Turkish\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 Basque\'95\cf4 0 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 Mandarin Chinese\'95\cf4 2 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 Gungbe\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 Conclusion; untranslatable words?\'95\cf4 1 minute
\f1\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb3 Introduction\'95\cf4 6 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 Aphasia\'95\cf4 8 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 Discussion with Marten and Inge: everyday mistakes and the Foreign Accent Syndrome\'95\cf4 12 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 Reading in the brain\'95\cf4 10 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 Visiting the lab\'95\cf4 12 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 Interview with Prof. Dr. Niels Schiller\'95\cf4 14 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 Introduction + Turkish\'95\cf4 4 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 Tarifit Berber\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 Abruzzese\'95\cf4 0 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 Basque\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 Conclusion; dyslexia\'95\cf4 1 minute
\f1\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb3 Language change and variation\'95\cf4 8 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 Social stratification\'95\cf4 11 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 Discussion with Marten and Inge: social variables\'95\cf4 11 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 Politeness\'95\cf4 10 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 Discussion with Marten and Inge: examples of Face\'95\cf4 13 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 Interview with Prof. Adele Goldberg\'95\cf4 14 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 Introduction + Gungbe\'95\cf4 2 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 Tarifit Berber\'95\cf4 0 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 Turkish\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 Abruzzese\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 Mandarin Chinese\'95\cf4 3 minutes\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 Basque\'95\cf4 1 minute\cf2 \cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 Conclusion; how personal are politeness strategies?\'95\cf4 2 minutes}